All right Gus pages numbering with AInc.
So here we're taking in two numbers.
The first one is the current page number.
The second one is the number of digits we have available to print.
So we're trying to figure out how many how many that we can print and in.
Let's take this case for at least this one tokes.
So if we are on page 21 and we have five digits left to print 20 we can print page one.
We can print page 22 because now we have 4 digits but we can't print page 23 because that's two digits
when you know in cleft for one.
And so that's our objective here is figure out how many what the last page is that we're going to print
so we're going to be updating current.
And that's the number that we're going to return the only hint I have for you here is I use to string.
That's pretty much it.
The rest of it is just logic.
All right so this is a good one.
This is like one of those ones you know you can solve with recursion or just a while loop.
So objective here is figure out how many numbers we can print now.
It doesn't necessarily matter if the the number of the page or how many digits it is.
And when you need to get the digit of a number you typically want to convert it to a string at the line
at least that's one way that's usually do it.
So Lauren do here is rience create a wall to say a wall number of digits which is essentially the amount
of ink we have left is greater than or equal to our current number current and current We're going to
convert that to a string and then get the length because each iteration we're going to Dickerman the
amount of ink that we have left the number of digits.
And when we break out of this wollop we just want to go ahead and return current.
Now in here it's if you're able to kind of figure out how to was my intent you know if you're able to
figure out how to convert your number this way everything else should come pretty quickly so we're take
number of digits and we want a deck raiment current dot to string
length and that will Decker meant the current digits from it because now we did one print.
And when I ended up having to do here was this statement because my numbers were off by 1 when the numbers
were exactly equal and cause some issues here.
So I could have maybe made my wild loop logic a little bit more pronounced I guess.
But here I think this is a fine fix as well.
So we're just going to check here.
It's going to basically match this check right here.
We'll do one the one of digits just for that.
And then if that's true we're just going to update our current values here.
And so that's pretty much it.
And then we return it so we're going to get the length of the digits the character.
And then we're going to decrement it from number digits and then if it's if it's sure in the loop we're
going to increase the current page to find out what page we ended up on before we run out of ink.
It's hard being those words out out of.